#labels Featured,Phase-Design
Below is a list of features. You can enable/disable each feature one by one in the settings dialog.

== Explorer ==
  * Store favorite folders and recall them for _very_ fast navigation! [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTIGxue6WCY video1] [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cC6cnG87j2M video2]
  * Upload files directly from explorer to an FTP server with just one hotkey!
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages
  * Create new folders and textfiles by pressing F8/F7!
  * Paste text or image from clipboard as file!
  * Open any file in your favorite text/image editor by pressing F3!
  * Copy filenames (ALT+C) and Filepaths (CTRL+ALT+C)!
  * Append files to the clipboard without replacing the current clipboard!
  * Go upwards by double clicking on free space in the file list!
  * Scroll the explorer tree without activating it!
  * Execute files which are only focussed but not selected with Enter!
  * Automatically select first file when you enter a directory!
  * Hold down right mouse button and click left to go back!

==== Windows 7/Vista specific ====
  * Show favorite folders in the explorer folder band bar like Web Browser favorite bars!
  * Make Backspace go upwards again!
  * Show free space and selected file size in status bar!
  * Automatically check "Apply to all further operations" checkboxes in file operation dialog boxes!
 
== Window Handling, Taskbar ==
  * Set windows to be "Always on top" by right clicking the title bar!
  * Close windows by middle clicking task buttons!
  * Execute a program by double clicking the taskbar!
  * Move windows out of the screen and have them slide in when you move the mouse to the border!
  * Activate blinking windows and toggle between current and previous window with Capslock!
  * Close programs by middle clicking the title bar!
  * Kill programs by pressing ALT+F5 or right clicking the close button!

==== Windows 7/Vista specific ====
  * Activate Aero Flip 3D by moving the mouse to the top left corner of the screen!
  * Change the desktop wallpaper by middle clicking on the desktop! (Win7 only)
  * Cycle through windows by clicking on a task group button! (Win7 only)
== Misc ==
  * Paste previous clipboard text entries by pressing WIN+V!
  * Use a Joypad/Gamepad to remote control the mouse, keyboard and zoom!
  * Open current folder in CMD by pressing WIN+C and enable CTRL+V to paste and ALT+F4 in CMD!
  * Rotate images in Windows Picture Viewer by pressing R and L!