=Description=
7plus is a project which aspires to make working with Windows as comfortable as possible. The feature set it adds to Windows ranges from interface extensions to the explorer to highly specialized solutions for all common tasks, with the goal of reducing the work load for the user. This feature-rich system, powered by Autohotkey, provides very powerful configuration capabilities to suit the needs you have and those that you have but not know of yet!

Here is a small compilation of use cases where 7plus can greatly enhance your workflow`*`:*
  * doubleclick on the desktop to create a folder
  * upload any file from the explorer to an FTP server
  * use tabs in Windows Explorer!
  * use hotkeys to launch programs
  * navigate to folders using hotkeys or buttons in the explorer bar!
*
[`*`]: Assuming those examples fit your workflow. You can just as well make 7plus do something completely different.

==To everyone who notices that something else doesn't work when 7plus runs: Make sure there is no interference with other programs, such as keyboard or mouse drivers, or other tweaking utitlities!==
=News=
  * 2010-06-15: [News20100615 7plus V.2.0.0 released!]
  * 2010-06-15: [News20100615 7plus V.1.2.0 released!]
  * 2010-05-04: [News05042010 7plus Hotfix V.1.11 released!]

[http://code.google.com/p/7plus/wiki/NewsArchive News Archive]

=Features=
As of version 2.0.0, 7plus allows nearly all features to be fully customized. You can change the hotkeys and other parameters defining a feature and you can also *create your own features!*
7plus now uses an events system that is based on triggers, conditions and actions. When a trigger (e.g. a hotkey) is activated, 7plus checks if the associated conditions (such as a specific window being active) are fulfilled, and if they are it runs a series of actions (like sending keys, selecting files, etc..). Nearly all previous features of 7plus are now implemented using this system!

Here are some of the most important features:

  * Store *favorite folders* and recall them for very fast navigation [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTIGxue6WCY (Video 1)] [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cC6cnG87j2M (Video 2)]
  * *Upload* files, screenshots and clipboard content directly to an FTP server with just one hotkey [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d01Mjiny_E8 (Video)]
  * Add *tabs for Windows Explorer* like in browsers
  * Create *customizable, context-sensitive hotkeys*
  * Create new folders and textfiles by pressing F8/F7 [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3op-boVfOk (Video)]
  * *Paste text or image* from clipboard as file [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yOJ8evyuVhY (Video)]
  * Show favorite folders in the explorer folder band bar like Web Browser favorite bars [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTIGxue6WCY (Video)]
  * Make Backspace go upwards again [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RZOdgDl2ujU (Video)]
  * Set windows to be *"Always on top"* by right clicking the title bar [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJ-kqjRY910 (Video)]
  * Activate blinking windows and toggle between current and previous window with Capslock [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=im088NYiSvw (Video)]
  * Close windows by middle clicking task buttons [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v__ZiHFt7NE (Video)]
  * Paste *previous clipboard* text entries by pressing WIN+V [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yq8HXOuSEiU (Video)]	  
  * Use a Joypad/Gamepad to *remote control* the mouse, keyboard and zoom [http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MZiK7E98hOU (Video)]

For a full list of features, see the [http://code.google.com/p/7plus/wiki/Features feature list].

=Screenshots=
Settings dialog:

[http://i37.tinypic.com/jgp8wk.png http://i37.tinypic.com/jgp8wk_th.png]

Editing an event:

[http://i37.tinypic.com/n6cdjd.png http://i37.tinypic.com/n6cdjd_th.png]

Editing an action:

[http://i34.tinypic.com/344bhna.png http://i34.tinypic.com/344bhna_th.png]

Explorer with additional buttons and size/free disk space display:

[http://i36.tinypic.com/nv6xed.png http://i36.tinypic.com/nv6xed_th.png]